fix(docs): update docs for language leads (#50760)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/language-lead-handbook.md

> [!TIP]
> Changing the articles in the footer at least once a month means giving a boost to the linked articles on Google results.

> To update the trending articles in the footer, you need to update the yaml file in [the CDN repository](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/cdn). Both the curriculum and the publication references this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the trending articles in the footer, you need to update the [yaml file in the CDN repository](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/cdn/tree/main/build/universal/trending) for your language. Both the curriculum and the publication reference this file.
```

We can directly link the directory.

> The file in the CDN repository is the file `build/universal/trending/<language>.yaml`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Then remove this line after the above suggestion.

article5link: 'https://www.freecodecamp.org/italian/news/cose-un-api-in-italiano-per-favore/'
```

Each number represents one of the 30 articles in the footer. Make sure to match the title and the link correctly.

For each article, you will need to create a shorter title to use in the footer. Each title must stay on a single line and not go to a new line.

> You will want to [build the translated client locally](how-to-enable-new-languages.md) to see if the titles have the right length. You can preview the changes by editing the `trending.json` file in your local. Here are the detailed steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will want to [build the translated client locally](how-to-enable-new-languages.md) to see if the titles have the right length. You can preview the changes by editing the `trending.json` file in your local environment:
```

1. Update your `.env` file to use your language for `CLIENT_LOCALE` and `CURRICULUM_LOCALE`.

> 2. Run `pnpm run develop`. This will automatically generate `trending.json` file for your language under `/client/i18n/locales/` directory.
> 
> 3. Stop the running command with `Ctrl+C` in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `pnpm run create:config`. This will automatically generate the `trending.json` file for your language under the `/client/i18n/locales/` directory.
```

Should be able to call the create command directly.

> 4. Start the server by running `pnpm run develop:server` in one terminal window.
> 
> 5. Edit the `trending.json` to contain the titles you want to preview. You may want to convert your .yaml file into JSON format with some tool.
> 
> 6. In another terminal window, run `pnpm run clean:client`, and then `pnpm run develop:client`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start the server by running `pnpm run develop:server` in one terminal window.

4. Edit the `trending.json` to contain the titles you want to preview. You may want to convert your `.yaml` file into JSON format with an automatic tool.

5. In another terminal window, run `pnpm run clean:client`, and then `pnpm run develop:client`
```

article5link: 'https://www.freecodecamp.org/italian/news/cose-un-api-in-italiano-per-favore/'
```

> For each article, you will need to create a shorter title to use in the footer. Each title must stay on a single line and not go to a new line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each article, you will need to create a shorter title to use in the footer. You will want to [build the translated client locally](how-to-enable-new-languages.md) to see if the titles have the right length. Each title must stay on a single line and not go to a new line.
```

I think we should keep the link to building the client locally.
